
Dear Dr Tholl,

We would like to thank the referees for taking the time to review this paper, and providing constructive criticism on the overall manuscript. 
We also appreciate the opportunity to make suitable changes where appropriate, 
and defend some of the critiques that are not correct in our opinion.

One significant improvement in the revised manuscript is the application of YeATSAM on the chickpea transcriptome.
We identified about 1000 transcripts that are homologous to other plant genes, but not annotated in the NCBI database.
The NCBI annotation has been done using Gnomon (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/genome/guide/gnomon.shtml).
While, the comparison between Gnomon and YeATSAM is not direct since Gnomon, unlike MAKER-P does not take the transcriptome as an input, the fact remains that the transcriptome provides a simple straightforward method to identify genes.
Furthermore, the very fact that makes RNA-seq attractive (high coverage due to its ability to sequence transcripts with low expression) also poses challenges in the assembly procedure.
Although, it is beyond the scope of our work, an assembler that considers the artifacts mentioned in this paper would be a good strategy to address these issues upfront.


Below we outline a point-by-point response to the reviewers' comments.
Also, in accordance to your guidelines we have provided a marked-up copy of the changes made from the previous article file as a manuscript with tracked changes file.
We appreciate your consideration of our revised manuscript and look forward to hearing back from you.
Sincerely,

We would like to thank the referee for taking the time to review this paper, and providing constructive criticism on the overall manuscript. 
We are pleased to submit a major revised version of our article entitled "XYZ".
We have revised the manuscript keeping these in mind.
We have responded to all of the reviewers comments in revising this manuscript.

In accordance to your guidelines, I have provided a marked-up copy of the changes made from the previous article file as a manuscript with tracked changes file.
 I have not marked the changes in reference numbers, which has resulted from the addition of the relevant citations.


Below we outline a point-by-point response to the reviewers' comments.
Below I outline a point-by-point response to your comments.

We appreciate the positive comment.

We have cited the studies suggested (and others obtained through a comprehensive literature survey) appropriately to improve the manuscript.

In accordance to your guidelines, we have provided a marked-up copy of the changes made from the previous article file as a manuscript with tracked changes file.


In the course of this revision, our attention has been drawn to previous work that has touched upon the same problem that we have addressed in the current work~\cite{STEEPPIPSA,STEEPMCT,STEEPAdenine,STEEPLIVESAY,STEEPPHdomain}.
We have added a paragraph in the Discussion detailing these work.

I appreciate your consideration of the revised manuscript, and look forward to hearing back from you.
best wishes,
Sandeep


We have modified the methods section to clarify this.


We have redone the specified figures. However, we believe the tables are lucid and minimalistic. These remain unchanged.

We appreciate your consideration of our revised manuscript and look forward to hearing back from you.
Sincerely,
